[3.8.] No Data Template documentation (#1220)
telerik/blazor-docs: _contentTemplates/dropdowns/templates.md

> #item-template

Reviewer: We should mention that the template `RenderFragment` exposes a `context` and explain it's the data item object.

> The `ItemTemplate` determines how the individual items are rendered in the dropdown element of the component. By default, the text from the particular suggestions is rendered.

Reviewer: "dropdown element" is not very technically precise, so why not just use "dropdown" ?

Author: Fixed.

#item-template
The `ItemTemplate` determines how the individual items are rendered in the dropdown of the component. By default, the text from the particular suggestions is rendered.

> The `ItemTemplate` exposes a `context` which represents the data item object. Use it to render the item details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ItemTemplate` exposes a `context` which represents the data item object. Cast it to the respective model type to access or render the item properties.
```
